---
id: 153
date: 2007-03-13T09:33:00+00:00
author: Rafael
layout: post
guid: http://zencat.electrickinetic.com/?p=153
permalink: /2007/03/153/
lj_itemid:
  - "88"
  - "88"
  - "201"
lj_permalink:
  - http://zen-cat.livejournal.com/22573.html
  - http://zen-cat.livejournal.com/22573.html
  - http://zen-cat.livejournal.com/51510.html
lj_current_mood:
  - chipper
  - chipper
lj_current_music:
  - 'Ill Niño - Their first CD, which I forget the name of.'
  - 'Ill Niño - Their first CD, which I forget the name of.'
lj_picture_keyword:
  - Is it supposed to look like that?
  - Is it supposed to look like that?
ljID:
  - "491"
  - "491"
  - "412"
categories:
  - All
tags:
  - stuff
---
Okay, so about once a year I weaken and post a meme. This is a hazardous occupation for me, since the rest of the year is spent giving crap to everyone else who does. Fortunately, being a hypocrite sits quite well with me. It's kinda like a superpower - I use it to fight crime.
<i>And memes <b>are</b> a crime.</i>

<!--more Cut to prevent reading by minors.-->
<i>Cut to prevent reading by minors.</i>

Things are always more exciting when you say that, don't you think? Anyway, the following is stolen from <a href="http://kunoichi_chan.livejournal.com/" class="lj-user">kunoichi_chan</a>, but modified 

1. Can you cook?

2. What was your dream growing up?

3. What talent do you wish you had?

4. Favorite place?

5. Favorite vegetable?

6. The last book you read?

7. What zodiac sign are you? Does that mean anything to you?

8. Any Tattoos and / or Piercings? Do you like them in others?

9. Worst Habit? Best Habit?

10. Do we know each other outside of Livejournal?

11. What is your favourite sport?

12. Negative or Optimistic attitude?

13. What sets you at ease? What sets you on edge?

14. Worst thing to ever happen to you? Best thing?

15. Tell me one weird fact about you:

16. Do you have any pets?

17. What unusual talents do you have?

18. If you could change one thing about how you look, what would it be?

19. What colour eyes do you have?

20. Ever been arrested?

21. If you won $10,000 dollars today, what would you do with it?

22. Which is your favourite bar to hang at?

23. Do you believe in ghosts?

24. Favourite thing to do in your spare time?

25. Do you swear a lot?

26. Biggest pet peeve?

27. Where do you see yourself in 5 years? In 10?

28. And for extra morbidity, how do you think you'll die, and at what age?

29. Do you believe you'll have had a happy life?

Oh, and post up a picture if you feel like it.

If you're one of those people on my friends list that I know next to nothing about, please fill this in. It's awfully hard to cyber-stalk people I have no details for.